[Music]
so what are you doing out here there is
a legend in the jungles of the Amazon of
a tree that heals or it could change the
world but if it gets into the wrong
hands
he could awaken a great evil I believe
that the legend is real which was man
I'm gonna find as you are when I do
just imagine the lives that could be
saved I've been looking for this tree
longer than anybody I've tracked the
legend every village every island
nothing be searching for something that
can't be found but you've never had the
key let's do something that's safe let's
go see some elephants they're all no
elephants in the Amazon and I don't even
like elephants lady everybody likes
elephants
know this about the jungle
everything that you see wants to kill
you and Canada
careful take a smell fear
[Music]
oh my godness who brings a submarine to
the Amazon oh yeah
[Music]
goodbye time
Oh
[Music]
forget it come on Frank I don't got it
that was a disaster
go the way I planned
[Music]